Added replaceAll() term in javascript/strings (#3467)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/strings/terms/replaceAll/replaceAll.md

---
Title: '.replaceAll()'

> Description: 'Returns a new string by replacing all the matches of searchValue by replacementValue'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a new string by replacing all the matches of a given search value with a given replacement value.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> Returns a new string by replacing all the matches of searchValue by replacementValue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a new string by replacing all the matches in a string of a given search value with a given replacement value.
```

## Syntax

```js
string.replaceAll(searchValue, replacementValue);
```

The `searchValue` can be either a [string](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/strings) or [RegExp](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/javascript/regexp).

## Example

> Replace all the word `'scream'` with `'laugh'`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace all the occurrences of "scream" with "laugh":
```

```js
const sentence = `I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream.`;

console.log(sentence.replaceAll('scream', 'laugh'));

> // Output: I laugh, you laugh, we all laugh for ice cream.

Reviewer: Instead of a comment in the code, can we place it in its own ` ```shell` block like this:

````
This example results in the following output:

```shell
Output from example
```
````

Author: @SSwiniarski As you have suggested, I have changed my code.
